-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512

Quick little history of "alecdavis.com. The way back time machine has records dating back to January 29, 2005. The page isn’t archived on there though sadly. So, I do not know who owned it before Huge Domains took the name and were squatting on it. It was a long fight to get the domain name "alecdavis.com". I’ll try to be as detailed as possible.

There was a company called Huge Domains “Hugedomains.com”. The way back machine has a record of May 26, 2013, with an archived page. Their data shows July 26, 2016, when they listed Huge Domains as technical contact. The name “alecdavis.com” was registered again on June 16th, 2012. I used “Whoxy” for the whois history. December 18th, 2014, is the first time they put a price tag on it, and that price was $895.00. *[3] Although I remember it being drastically higher, in the $2,000s, I cannot confirm this by record. This is all data from the way back machine as the first price page has been archived. *[2]

This is right around the time that I first contacted them to try and negotiate the price lower for my own name. Normally I could go to a domain registrar and at the time pay like $8 for a domain name. But since they already owned it, I couldn’t. They did not want to negotiate at all; their price was firm and final. They kept mentioning payment plans, so in the end I would have paid their price regardless. After a while of back and forth I realized, they weren’t going to change their price. I thought their price was ridiculous, so I told them to kick rocks and registered the names “alec-davis.com”, alecdavis.tv, and alecdavistv.com.

On August 1, 2015 Huge Domains dropped the price down to $795 as confirmed by the way back machine. On January 9, 2016 Huge Domains added an option to finance the domain name for 12 monthly payments of $67.

For a while I was using “alec-davis.com” as my main website. Forwarded the “alecdavis.tv” and “alecdavistv.com” domain names to “alec-davis.com”. It was bothering me a lot that I didn’t have “alecdavis.com”. The hyphen between them just looked horrible and unofficial. I’ve seen others with the hyphen in between their names, and I imagine it pisses them off too. It’s one thing for someone to own their own domain name, but if they don’t have anything on the website, it’s annoying because at that point you are wasting it. Especially when they won’t sell the name. 

A couple years went by, all throughout that time I would periodically email Huge Domains and try to re-negotiate. All of which didn’t go anywhere, they knew I wanted that name, and they were going to get the max amount of money for it. For some reason, there was a lot of traffic going to “Alecdavis.com”, I just assumed it was people with the same name trying to get it. It also could be from people searching Hugedomains.com for domain names to buy.

Eventually, I finally worked out a deal with them after years and years of negotiations. On January 5th, 2020, I purchased “alecdavis.com” outright and it has been my main domain for years now. I didn’t pay the price they wanted, but I still paid way more than I should of, I use it as my official website name and email address for my encrypted private email server. 
I eventually let the names “alec-davis.com”, alecdavistv.com, alecdavis.tv lapse and I no longer owned them at the time. Since then, I have repurchased all of them and many more; forwarded them to my main “alecdavis.com”.

Basically, in my opinion Huge Domains scans the internet for common names and or domains that have traffic going to them, they buy them up and put a ridiculous price tag on them to force people to pay them. *[1]

As of today, there are currently 17 domain names pointing/forwarding to “alecdavis.com”. 
Some of them include, “AlecTdavis.com, alecdavistv.com, alecdavis.tv, alec-davis.com, alecdavis.org, aleki.net, aleki.org, freealec.com, hax.pm, votealec.com”.

My long list of domain names has reached over 70+ domains for various projects and businesses. I also hold premium domain names as an investment, that are all for sale right now. Though I will not list them publicly.

If you read this, thanks for taking up an interest!

- -Alec





Other Legal Information
All of this is a matter of my own opinion and not fact *[1]
This is all data from the way back machine as the first price page has been archived. Data can be wrong in circumstances. *[2]
The “first price” is the price that I can find documented by record, I am trying not to get sued, but my memory tells me it was way higher than this. *[3]
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----

iHUEARYKAB0WIQREaXuelwQ5TSyuQuDpSk/4dc6OLAUCaW0/HgAKCRDpSk/4dc6O
LMdwAQDyi7HZpkJ8EymLtZPx3VBsxFwv8AX8FVu4k5hWw/yNVgD9HBjMXZHA++aF
5lMV5Yd0XXueT9IDVp+JZRnzbOvWTQk=
=Iy2t
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
